and the BAFTA is presented to Laura Dern
for Mary story
[Music]
[Applause]
when I was six years old my mother
received this very award in this
category
thanks to mr. Scorsese and it sat on our
piano and my friend asked me what's that
mask and I said my mom told me that it's
what friends give you to congratulate
you because you get to have the job you
love so thank you BAFTA thank you for
including me in this room of
extraordinary artists and beloved
friends as we get to tell stories and do
the job we love we're so lucky thank you
to our beautiful British producer David
Heyman thank you to Netflix Ted Saranda
Scott Stuber everyone that worked
tirelessly to give our maestro our muse
our hero Noah Baumbach our story and his
autonomy
- such an extraordinary cast I get to be
part of Adam Scarlett - Allen ray
everyone that worked on this casting our
amazing crew thank you
thank you to my beautiful family my
children and all the other things and
many things that I love about this
country Thank You Ferrara where I
studied
thank you for my aunt Averell thank you
for Peter Sellers and my children get to
grow up and their heroes will reflect
themselves in them so thank you for
culture growing with us and I love
movies so thank you for letting me be
part of it
[Music]
you